README.md, before:

# **MetaSpace.bio: Deterministic Integrity Layer for Mission-Critical Autonomy**

**MetaSpace.bio** is a bio-inspired logic engine providing a deterministic integrity layer for autonomous systems. It translates the biological principle of **Homeostasis** into unbreakable mathematical constraints, eliminating the uncertainty inherent in probabilistic or AI-based decision-making.

## **🛡️ The MetaSpace Paradigm: Logic-as-Hardware**

Unlike traditional software-based filters, MetaSpace treats safety as a hardware-level physical gate.

* **Deterministic Latency:** Guaranteed response within **0.0005 ms**, enabling real-time signal isolation.  
* **Formal Integrity:** Every logic gate is synthesized from a **.bio** specification, verified by the **Z3 SMT Solver**.  
* **Logic Lock Defense:** Physically severs the connection to actuators the moment an invariant is breached.

## **🚀 Quick Start**

### **1\. Installation**

Set up the environment and install the formal verification engine:  
pip install \-r requirements.txt

### **2\. Run Automated Auditor (Stage 1 Verification)**

Validates the logic core consistency and measures deterministic response latency.  
python src/verification/metaspace\_auditor.py

* **Result:** Generates a signed audit report at results/audit\_report\_summary.json.  
* **Verification:** Confirms sub-millisecond response and invariant boundary adherence.

### **3\. Execute SMT Formal Proof**

Mathematically prove that invariants can never be violated using Satisfiability Modulo Theories (SMT).  
python src/verification/metaspace\_smt\_engine.py

* **Result:** Executes the Z3 Solver to scan the entire state-space for potential logic leaks.  
* **Verdict:** Returns PROVED if the violation state is mathematically unreachable.

### **4\. Launch Industry Demos**

Run the Tactical Simulation Server and visual monitor:

* **UAV Spoofing:** python examples/spoofing\_simulation.py  
* **Aviation Icing:** python examples/af447\_simulation.py  
* **Finance Glitch:** python examples/trading\_glitch\_simulation.py

## **📋 5-Stage Validation Pipeline**

Aligned with **DO-178C**, **DO-333**, and **IEC 61508**:

1. **Stage 1: Language & Logic Proof (✅ CERTIFIED)** \- Formal semantics and [Audit Log](results/audit_report_summary.json).  
2. **Stage 2: Tool Qualification (✅ IN PROGRESS)** \- Verification of the MetaSpace Compiler v2.0.  
3. **Stage 3: Safety Standard V\&V (✅ READY)** \- Comprehensive [HARA Report](docs/validation/HARA_REPORT.md).  
4. **Stage 4: Military & Field Validation (Planned)** \- Based on Jammertest 2025 standards.  
5. **Stage 5: Operational Assurance Case (Planned)** \- GSN structured proof tree.

## **🔐 Verification & Integrity**

SHA256 Fingerprint: 9a721f6436caacfbd73f4303aed7465b3f53609ffd2129c445279d9f5cdf9d16  
Patent Reference: OSIM Nr. 20251221-2230

*This project is developed at **LemonScript**, the R\&D laboratory of **Citrom Méda LTD**. Proprietary FPGA synthesis engines and Pro Compiler access are managed by the lead architect.*

**Official Documentation**:
(EN): [metaspace.bio](https://lemonscripter.github.io/MetaSpace-Drone-Shield/)
(HU): [metaspace.bio](https://biological-code.netlify.app)

Commit message:

Revise README with new project details and licensing
Updated project description and added licensing information.

README.md, after:

# **"The Open-Source Validation Framework for the MetaSpace Deterministic Engine."**
*Managed by Citrom Media Deep Tech Holdings.*

**MetaSpace.bio** is a bio-inspired logic engine providing a deterministic integrity layer for autonomous systems. It translates the biological principle of **Homeostasis** into unbreakable mathematical constraints, eliminating the uncertainty inherent in probabilistic or AI-based decision-making.

## **🛡️ The MetaSpace Paradigm: Logic-as-Hardware**

Unlike traditional software-based filters, MetaSpace treats safety as a hardware-level physical gate.

* **Deterministic Latency:** Guaranteed response within **0.0005 ms**, enabling real-time signal isolation.  
* **Formal Integrity:** Every logic gate is synthesized from a **.bio** specification, verified by the **Z3 SMT Solver**.  
* **Logic Lock Defense:** Physically severs the connection to actuators the moment an invariant is breached.

## **🚀 Quick Start**

### **1\. Installation**

Set up the environment and install the formal verification engine:  
pip install \-r requirements.txt

### **2\. Run Automated Auditor (Stage 1 Verification)**

Validates the logic core consistency and measures deterministic response latency.  
python src/verification/metaspace\_auditor.py

* **Result:** Generates a signed audit report at results/audit\_report\_summary.json.  
* **Verification:** Confirms sub-millisecond response and invariant boundary adherence.

### **3\. Execute SMT Formal Proof**

Mathematically prove that invariants can never be violated using Satisfiability Modulo Theories (SMT).  
python src/verification/metaspace\_smt\_engine.py

* **Result:** Executes the Z3 Solver to scan the entire state-space for potential logic leaks.  
* **Verdict:** Returns PROVED if the violation state is mathematically unreachable.

### **4\. Launch Industry Demos**

Run the Tactical Simulation Server and visual monitor:

* **UAV Spoofing:** python examples/spoofing\_simulation.py  
* **Aviation Icing:** python examples/af447\_simulation.py  
* **Finance Glitch:** python examples/trading\_glitch\_simulation.py

## **📋 5-Stage Validation Pipeline**

Aligned with **DO-178C**, **DO-333**, and **IEC 61508**:

1. **Stage 1: Language & Logic Proof (✅ CERTIFIED)** \- Formal semantics and [Audit Log](results/audit_report_summary.json).  
2. **Stage 2: Tool Qualification (✅ IN PROGRESS)** \- Verification of the MetaSpace Compiler v2.0.  
3. **Stage 3: Safety Standard V\&V (✅ READY)** \- Comprehensive [HARA Report](docs/validation/HARA_REPORT.md).  
4. **Stage 4: Military & Field Validation (Planned)** \- Based on Jammertest 2025 standards.  
5. **Stage 5: Operational Assurance Case (Planned)** \- GSN structured proof tree.

## **🔐 Verification & Integrity**

SHA256 Fingerprint: 9a721f6436caacfbd73f4303aed7465b3f53609ffd2129c445279d9f5cdf9d16  
Patent Reference: OSIM Nr. 20251221-2230

## **MetaSpace-Sentinel is a proprietary technology developed by MetaSpace Technologies (a division of Citrom Media).**

This repository contains the Public Validation Core enabling researchers and partners to verify our deterministic invariants. The full High-Performance Runtime (O(1) execution engine) and FPGA synthesis tools are available under a Commercial License.

[View Pricing & Enterprise Licensing](https://metaspace.bio/pricing)

**Official Documentation**:
(EN): [metaspace.bio](https://specification.metaspace.bio/)
(HU): [metaspace.bio](https://metaspace.bio)
